add new DATAGNSS GEM1305 RTK receiver (#6335)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-datagnss-gem1305-rtk.rst

- Support RTK
- Standard UART serial interface
- Lightweight only 50g or 26g(NANO RTK receiver)
- High performance antenna

Frequencies
===========
   -  GPS/QZSS: L1 C/A, L5C
   -  GLONASS: L1OF
   -  BEIDOU: B1I, B2a
   -  GALILEO: E1, E5a

GNSS
====
   - Allystar CYNOSURE IV GNSS SOC
   - Dual core
   - 3D accuracy: **1.5m** CEP
   - RTK accuracy: **2cm** +1PPM(H), 3cm+1PPM(V)

Interface
=========
   - UART, 230400bps
   - SMA for antenna
   - Output rate 5Hz
   - Main power supply,4.7~5.2V

Protocol
========
   - NMEA output
   - RTCM v3 input/output

Environment
===========
   - Operating temp. -20~85℃

Dimession and weight
====================
   - 55*55*12mm
   - 50g (GEM1305) 26g (NANO with Helix)

Pin definition
==============

The board is connected to the autopilot via UART interface.

.. image:: ../../../images/gem1305/GEM1305-connector.png
	:target: ../_images/gem1305/GEM1305-connector.png

The 1.25mm pitch 6P connector (from Left PIN1 to PIN6) :

   -  1: GND
   -  2: NC
   -  3: PPS
   -  4: Rx
   -  5: Tx
   -  6: 5V

Please note that the board only includes RTK and doesn't inlcude compass.

ArduPilot Setup
===============

> Assuming GEM1305 is connected to AP's SERIAL4(2nd GPS), it should work with the default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming GEM1305 is connected to the autopilot's SERIAL4 port), it should work with :
```

> - :ref:`SERIAL3_PROTOCOL <SERIAL4_PROTOCOL>` = 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :ref:`SERIAL4_PROTOCOL <SERIAL4_PROTOCOL>` = 5
```

> - :ref:`SERIAL4_BAUD <SERIAL4_BAUD>` = 230

Reviewer: dont think this is needed with autodetect protocol...it will autobaud to this

Author: OK,let me update it.
